[PL-43388] Update K8s cluster connector reference (#6500)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/connectors/cloud-providers/ref-cloud-providers/kubernetes-cluster-connector-settings-reference.md

    kubernetes.io/service-account.name: "<service-account-name>"
```

##### Obtain the service account token using kubectl

To use a Kubernetes Service Account (SA) and token, you need to use either an existing SA that has the `cluster-admin` permission (or namespace `admin`) or create a new SA and grant it the `cluster-admin` permission (or namespace `admin`).

> To create a new SA token and decode it to base64 format using `kubectl`, do the following:

Author: ```suggestion
To obtain the service account token using kubectl, do the following:
```
